docs(proxy): add proxy documentation (#5406)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/connectors/protocol/rest.md

### Configure a proxy server in Self-Managed

In Camunda Self-Managed you can configure the Connector to use an HTTP or HTTPS proxy server.

> Depending on how you want the proxy to be used, you can configure it by using JVM properties or environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on how you want the proxy to be used, configure it using either JVM properties or environment variables.
```
Rewording suggestion

> The difference between the two is the scope of the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between these two configuration types is the scope of the configuration:
```

| [JVM properties](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/net/proxies.html) | JVM, **the whole runtime** will be affected. **Any HTTP client** used internally (e.g. in a connector, or the Zeebe client) might be affected. | `-Dhttp.proxyHost=proxy -Dhttp.proxyPort=3128 -Dhttps.proxyHost=proxy -Dhttps.proxyPort=3128 -Dhttp.nonProxyHosts=OTHER_DOMAIN`                                                          |
| Environment variables                                                                     | Connector, **only the Connector (and REST-based connectors)** will be affected                                                                 | `CONNECTOR_HTTP_PROXY_HOST=proxy; CONNECTOR_HTTP_PROXY_PORT=3128; CONNECTOR_HTTPS_PROXY_HOST=proxy; CONNECTOR_HTTPS_PROXY_PORT=3128; CONNECTOR_HTTP_PROXY_NON_PROXY_HOSTS=OTHER_DOMAIN;` |

:::note

> To ensure Camunda can properly access Camunda components when using JVM properties, non-proxy hosts must contain `camunda-platform-zeebe|camunda-platform-keycloak`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure Camunda can properly access Camunda components when using JVM properties, non-proxy hosts must contain `camunda-platform-zeebe|camunda-platform-keycloak`.
```

> When using JVM properties, to ensure Camunda can properly access Camunda components, non-proxy hosts must contain `camunda-platform-zeebe|camunda-platform-keycloak`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure Camunda can properly access Camunda components when using JVM properties, non-proxy hosts must contain `camunda-platform-zeebe|camunda-platform-keycloak`
```

:::

#### HTTP/HTTPS properties

Depending on the **target URL**, you can set the proxy as an HTTP or HTTPS protocol handler. A target URL like `http://example.com` will use the HTTP protocol handler, while a target URL like `https://example.com` will use the HTTPS protocol handler.

##### JVM properties

> Here's a list of the standard JVM properties you can set for HTTP and HTTPS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the following standard JVM properties for HTTP and HTTPS:
```
